Peace be upon
you. Peace be upon you.
These were for two shekels. He said, “For two shekels,
these were for half a
shekel. They are now for two
shekels.” Peace be upon
you. Peace be upon you. Of course, these. I found out.
What have these been patient from this day to the morning or the night? It depends here. And
the lenience of
these people was with them in my area. And these countries were confused. I mean, I
was born with them and will always be with them.
Here, I live among them and I live with them. I live everything
with them. What should I do for Hajj? What is the alternative? I am very tired
and I am unable.
Okay. Insulin needles are a substitute for this.
Insulin, it is just a mosquito. I mean, I want to try to
get around, but there is no
problem. Come on, sir. May God relieve you. May God
give you
good health, naturally.  My work is that I am originally a
photojournalist, but during my coverage of the war on
Gaza I became a photographer,
reporter, producer, and editor.
Where is the peace? How are you? What is your news? How are things? Praise be to God. It is
hard. By God, it is fine. How are you? May
God
bless
our uncle with longevity during the liberation war. May God give you
good health. May God give you
good news.  They say Musab, oh above or below, there is nothing in the
field that will
be beautiful. I thank God for everything.
God willing, you need something. May God bless you.
Come on, peace, peace. This war is what we expected to
the degree.
This is the extent of the destruction that we are now experiencing,
and the scale of the massacres, frankly, we did not
expect.  Peace be
upon you, where is anyone? What's your news?
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
call her, call her,
and come, by God, this house is standing.
In the sense that we are at risk and sitting
in it, it means that the damage is total. It is four floors. The
damage is completely complete, but it is standing and supported
by the neighbors' floor. A camp. We are close together, so it is
standing.  This means that, as you can see, the
main columns and the extensions of the house, all of them along with the
bases, are all
destroyed.
With every strike, with any rain, with any such-and-such, the house
shakes with such-and-such a tower, but there is no shelter. I mean,
there is no shelter. We are like the people and there are no
possibilities for us to work.  Anything, so we came
back to the bombed house. I mean, despite the danger.
[Music] I
mean, all the coverage from the beginning of
the war until this day was
on this phone. Of course, all the massacres were reported on this phone.
All the crimes the occupation
committed against the people, against the citizens in the
northern
Gaza Strip, are new to me.  The same place where we are
now, shrapnel is falling on us heavily in this
place now. A new raid is
next to us on a house. [
Applause] A
new one, Oh God.
[Music] By
God, of course, in the vicinity of Al-Shifa Hospital. I am sitting here
in the street, trying to go on the internet to
complete my
cover. I mean, you will find me on the phone.  A building will be
blocked by a phone. We will go to another place that will be blocked by a phone.
Of course, every day the weather will be turned off. Such and such will be turned off.
I mean, every day, I turn off the SIM cards every day. I may
want five SIM cards for the Internet, but so that the coverage continues, I receive
calls from the Israeli occupation army
every day. Every day I receive no calls.  I did not
respond at all. In the end,
I received messages on WhatsApp as well. I did not respond
to them. In the end, I received audio recordings from the intelligence officer,
saying, Anas Al-Sharif, leave the
coverage in northern Gaza and head to the south. Otherwise, you
will be
targeted.
[Music] The
war will end, the war will not end. The war will
not end.  The war will end
[music]
[applause]
up1 days i have been daily reporting if
i wasn't like producing pages doing reps
i have been tweeting
andr
[music]
house and of inri came out i saw a girl
herin maybe she a
old not there a lot of stories people are
trapped under
the people till
people
who
can't people
arr from from the nor
sou i see cing i remember my unle every
time i see wife cing i remember my
friends who her
husband
i would sit  to report and i would sit
to cry like lally s because i wouldn't
have any words to describe what i am
my voice has been trembling all the time
i don't know if i don't have the right
vocabulary i wish i had  more words to
describe what was going
on The
biggest problem I always face, especially in a room,
meaning the emergency department, is that it is
there, or it is coming. For example, I want to cover a story, or I want to do anything, and either
someone I know will be
injured, or someone’s family, for example, all
martyrs will be killed.  I am unable to differentiate between
my feelings, my work, and me. What do I do?
How can I help them? Ok, how can I finish
my report? This is the hospital. I mean, we almost moved to it
and slept in it, and this section means almost all of them
testified to their wounds, and many testified to crimes committed by the
occupation. Every time I leave this section, my heart
hurts a lot.  Because I'm always afraid to see someone
I know or someone I
love
nothing like you
have you can't have because you
guarantee alive you
be this is where
we
myes
[Music]
The dreams I dream at night are
true, but they contain black and gray,
which is the color of rubble, and if  Adding a new color
to the people I see in dreams to my house,
even if it is only red, the color of
blood. Why am I
upset?
What should I say? I have a four-year-old son. We were
displaced from our home in the northwest of Gaza City.
We moved until we reached the south of the Strip in the
city of Rafah about seven or eight times.
At least I go out to the field
and I expect to be injured, I expect to be martyred, and I have protected
my child a lot. I
mean, maybe my family doesn’t want to hear this
saying, but sometimes I talk to him clearly and
frankly, what
if we die, what if something happens to us that makes us sick, what
if one of our limbs is cut off. I mean, even  I talk to my son, who is
four years old, on this
basis. I mean, Mama, it is possible for me to
go to work any day and not come back. You want to
stay with
Tita. I mean, I am trying to prepare these conditions for him so that he does
not feel
the shock of almost months of genocide in the Gaza Strip.
We produced nearly more than 100 stories
for Al Jazeera. My husband, photographer Anas Abu
Dayh and I. This is an opportunity perhaps to thank Anas for all his efforts
in his work during covering
the war. More than 100 stories. More than 100 pains.
More than 100 days. I cried in front of the
characters. All the characters are touching. All the stories are
touching.  We are not accustomed to the scene, and we do not want to become accustomed to
the scene. There is no tragic story left that has not been released to the
world. The world has not known it. Watch us in the
live broadcast. Watch us in the produced stories. Watch us
in the press articles. Watch us in the reports,
in the pictures, and in the video clips. Palestine,
journalists in Palestine, or activists on
social media sites.  They have never stopped, and they will not
stop for a moment, broadcasting this tragedy. What does
the world want more than that to
take action? We
are accustomed to telling people’s stories, but we are not accustomed to anyone
listening to our story, both of us, in many details that we did
not
tell.
It is true, honestly, the North is still the North. There is no life
in the
North. There is hunger in which we are. Throw in hunger.  I mean,
I documented everything, from the massacres, from the destruction, from what is
this, from the injured, from
the body parts. I may not have been affected as much as I was affected. Now I am in the
stage of hunger that we are in. Because I am living
like the people who live like you, like the people. You now
need to eat so that you can continue the coverage. You can
stop.  On your body, you can support yourself. There is no food while
you are at work. You are thinking about what you want to provide for your family.
Well, there is nothing for them to provide for.
Of course, even other than my suffering with the people, the people
I am photographing live with with a pen. With them,
their cries in hunger are harder than their cries in
massacres and destruction, I mean.  They were
patient with the massacres and destruction, but they were not patient with
the hunger. Now I document daily cases of loyalty. Now, people are
beginning to
suffer from
hunger. Frankly, the war is all difficulties and all of them are challenges. I
mean, all of them are
the paddles of work and continuity, but in some of the
situations that were very difficult, I mean, I
was covering the events in the Jabalia camp.  The
occupation forces advanced from the western areas
of the camp and arrested a large number of
displaced people in the agency’s schools
after half an hour. I mean, I am following the coverage and
this report is a broadcast. The nephew of the martyr Musab came to me, and
he informed me that they had bombed our house. I went
directly that day, meaning to look for my father, but I
was unable to do so.  The market area and the schools
are the neighbors and people bring my father to me in a
cart. The
Israeli army targeted the home of Al-Jazeera channel journalist
Anas Al-Sharif in Jabaliya, which led to the
martyrdom of
his parents. As soon as the
burial ceremony ended, I went out on the channel to Al-Jazeera channel
and reported the event that is the most difficult event for me. I had
the loss of my father and the
loss of...  My family's home
revealed about two weeks ago that it had received threats
from Israeli officers to stop covering the
Israeli war on the
Gaza Strip. Where are you, Dad? Say hello. So I decided to stay and not leave at all from the north of the Gaza Strip. Thus, my family did not leave
Jabalia camp for a single day. I stayed in Jabalia camp and did not
betray, and I continued.  In the coverage, what
motivated me is that I did not
leave, as I said, the honesty that was in
my heart was to convey the suffering of my people in the northern
Gaza Strip that was the last time i s
home and then i was separated from my
family and my
husband and then i didn’t even  have time
to take any of my
belongings so reporting on this genocide
while you're living it means you're also
being displaced you're also
starving you lose your friends you lose
your family mers you lose your cousins
i ls so far
and  more than
friends and all of the st are
not something that won come back
again so living st everything and trying to be
objective on the camera is very
hard you want to
rep wanted family you want search search
also also like
some
every
my  for 151 days of
genocide that's a great
accomplishment
yeah for the first time foreigners were
not allowed to enter the castle stp so
that's why the world didn't have any
other option than the palestinians and
people were amazed of what we are
producing as palestinians they  're amazed
that there are palestinians speak in
english they were amazed that palestinians
are good editors but yeah we are here we
exist we dreamers we hard working
people we are human beings under
genocide we resisting this
genocide and we did not choose this we
were forced  to live this and to report
about this yes we're brave but we're
brave because we really love palestine
and we love
gaza It's over, it's over, it's over, but there's noisy noise for
24 hours
[Music]
What was the first place of displacement that you went to from
the north?  The sector to the center of the sector, specifically in the
first stage of displacement. We received some
friends in a very welcoming manner. I mean, we sat for
about an hour. After this hour, I took out the
computer. My husband and I wanted to know what
we would do in the coming period. They had some
other displaced relatives of these
displaced people when they learned that we were
Journalists told the owners of the house that they are afraid of
us. They are afraid of direct targeting of journalists.
This prompted my friend to
apologize to
me, out of concern for the
safety of about 50 other displaced people in the house,
thinking that Israel could be targeted at any
time because we are present among them. People were afraid, afraid that
people, specifically journalists, would be targeted.
Al Jazeera, while I am here, I fully appreciate people's fear. I have not been
upset at
all, professionally, morally, or
humanely. I have never thought about
giving up my work as a journalist.
Quite the opposite. Every day, I go to work. Every
day, my story reaches millions, or the stories of people
that are heading toward it reach millions. This is
motivation and motivation.  As for me, to continue more
and more, I have the opportunity to tell the story of these people,
and the opportunity is very large. Why should I
stop? Am I afraid of death? Death in this
country does not know a journalist from a civilian, from an
engineer, from a doctor from a doctor, from a
professor. It makes no difference at all. If it were destined to die,
death would come to me.  You were a journalist or you were a
housewife, so I had to continue and Sawa. I
will never stop working
[music] in the
press. Al-Aqmar means that we are defying and they were
martyred in
the war. This matter is in your hands. It is up to you.
Stop covering it. You have become a direct target
for journalists. I am calling
130. The occupation is trying to stop it.  The sound is muted, we do not
transmit the picture. No, we want to continue
the message after our fellow
journalists. Until now, the colleagues are continuing, meaning
we are continuing the coverage. They have not stopped. Whether in
northern Gaza, in Gaza City, in Khan Yunis, in Deir al-
Balah, in Rafah, they have not stopped for a single moment, and this is in
your hands. It is not just us reporting.  The information is that
just because we are transmitting information, we are not part
of the suffering of the people, we are part of the people,
and we are the suffering that the people are experiencing, whether
from hunger, from bombing, or from massacres. We are
living it, we and our families. Therefore, when we
convey the suffering of the people, we are conveying our suffering,
we are conveying our situation, we are conveying their suffering,
hunger.  We are dying of hunger. We were and still are
yearning to convey what we are experiencing. The suffering that we are experiencing.
[Music] We
are experiencing. Every day I take pictures as if it were the
first day. All the people who lived in the tents had
many beautiful homes. They were all dear
and generous people, and their life was very beautiful. In Gaza
today,
most of us live.  In
tents, people outside might think of us as beggars or
think that the Palestinians have been accustomed to the tent since the
1940s and are accustomed to displacement, but
no, the emigration
and catastrophes of
2023 are all details that kill us daily, and every day
we think about when we will
return, O
Lord.